Can probably change this to a markdown file or something later on. Dunno.

Anywho, the main issue I was having with the language was that it has a fairly simple
structure in that you can parse it using a recursive descent parser. It should be LL(1) methinks.

Having said that, what the FUCK is the language supposed to do? Computer inherently aren't very complex.

That's their charm and purpose, after all. Anyways I have a rudimentary idea. It supports very simple
branching conditions (god help us, these aren't simple), arithmetic, and variables.

Refer to the simple program I wrote in uhhh SimpleProg1.muwu (i know, im not creative)
We can translate it from our code to C++ or something. It's really fucking cool actually.
I'll look more into that, but we can just make a state machine that sees a node of the parse tree
and, into a C++ file, writes shrimple C++ code. More on that later, I have to think more about it.

It can also output. We can add more faces for more functionality later. Shouldn't be too bad I think?

NOTE: DANGLING ELSE SON OF A BITCH. WE ARE USING ELIFS TO DEAL WITH THAT. 
Bracketing of conditional bodies WILL be daily :suscat:

Will probably use a stack to handle arithmetic. Refer to java 1.0 documentation.
Really intuitive thankfully. 2+3 => [..., 2, 3, +] -> [..., 5]

We will set a default stack size of 50. I don't know how to run through code and dynamically
set stack+registers. It's some NP complete BS or something. Idk. I tapped out of compilers at that point.

I got distracted. Lost my train of thought.
DATATYPES. IDK DATATYPES NOR HOW TO HANDLE THEM. Figure that out I guess. Can change it later.
Use keywords for now

Well my right arm and eye are on fire rn so imma just leave these notes here to further refine probably next week.
We battling strokes with this one :zamn:
Off to battle ze fish I gyo those damn hooligans :yay: 

Most importantly tho, just do shtuff as you please and feel like; I tend to work
in random bursts whenever something seems like fun. Only way I like to work.

Gl and hf soldiers o7

-----------Feel free to leave notes and comments down here so we can address em later-----------